README.md, before:

					Here are python programmes
This python program are set from beginner programmes to more complex programs
1.quiz_game -> This folder contain the a quiz game application where by we have seen the if condition, input function, how to concatenate string and integer by using the str() function to convert the integer to string for concatenate

2.guessing_game -> This folder contain the guessing game in this program we have seen the random number module that helped as to generate the random number and give chance to the user to guess the number and give a hint to the user if there are below the number of above the number

3.rock_paper_scissors -> This folder contains the rock_papaer_scissors program in python that we used the list to random module to generate the random numbers and we the user input either of the three things between the list which is the rock, paper, scissors so we use the index to check the list by using the random number that is generated by the computer 

4.IN PROGRESS

Commit message:

Updating the README.md file by adding the choose_your_own_adventure folder and explain what is happening in the file and what we use

README.md, after:

					Here are python programmes
This python program are set from beginner programmes to more complex programs
1.quiz_game -> This folder contain the a quiz game application where by we have seen the if condition, input function, how to concatenate string and integer by using the str() function to convert the integer to string for concatenate

2.guessing_game -> This folder contain the guessing game in this program we have seen the random number module that helped as to generate the random number and give chance to the user to guess the number and give a hint to the user if there are below the number of above the number

3.rock_paper_scissors -> This folder contains the rock_papaer_scissors program in python that we used the list to random module to generate the random numbers and we the user input either of the three things between the list which is the rock, paper, scissors so we use the index to check the list by using the random number that is generated by the computer 

4.choose_your_own_adventure -> This folder contains the adventure game written in python and in this file we use the condition like to direct what the user on what to input so that he/she can get into the next step of the game
